Dialogue Between Q and Will

(INT. BASEMENT STUDIO - NIGHT)

(Will and Q sit on a couch playing NBA 2K while passing a joint back and forth. The coffee table is littered with cans, chip bags, and an ashtray. Both of them are spaced out while playing. They speak slowly in a contemplative drawl.)

Q: I mean I tried with her. Quit drinking. All that. Still wasn’t enough.

WILL: Man. I think that sometimes women don’t want us, they want the escape we give them… when we cease to be an escape they don’t want us anymore… even though they might try to convince us they do. Once the magic wears off you can’t get it back.

Q: Hm. Or maybe the two of you just aren’t right for each other. There’s such thing as toxic combinations you know… It’s just that we try to make it work. It won’t ever be anything other than toxic, but we try anyway because the thought of not having any reaction with anyone scares the shit out of you. The feeling of being alone in a vacuum with no force to let you know you’re really there.

WILL: Hm. Yeah I guess that makes sense.

Q: Shit’ll fuck you up man.

(The two continue on playing the game for a moment in silence, the audio from the game filling the space where the conversation was.)

WILL: You ever get the feeling that you aren’t though?

Q: Aren’t what?

WILL: Just alone in a vacuum.

Q: Like God and shit?

WILL: I dunno. Like the universe or some greater energy or something. Maybe God. (pause) I’ve had some strange coincidences happen recently. It’s kinda been freaking me out.

Q: Like what?

WILL: Ah.. Like the same thing keeps happening and I keep noticing it and it throws me off.

Q: Synchronicity.

WILL: What’s that?

Q: It’s when coincidences line up like they aren’t coincidences. Like the universe is trying to give you a message.

WILL: You’ve had that happen?

Q: A few times. It is a bit freaky.

WILL: Yeah…

Q: Sounds like the universe is trying to tell you something bro. Sounds like you’re on the right track if that’s happening. Maybe it’s related to the music in some way?

WILL: Maybe. I’ll have to think about it more. It would make sense though. I feel like we’re getting close to something big.

Q: I hope you make it man. I really do. If anybodies gonna make it its you man.

WILL: It’s us tho man. Everybody’s gonna come up.

Q: I hope so bro.

WILL: (pause) You never told me why you don’t write for yourself man. Why not? What do you have to lose?

Q: Ah… I honestly just don’t think it’s in the cards for me dude. I’ve tried. I’m damn near 30 now man if it was gonna happen for me it would have happened.

WILL: Dude age isn’t even a factor anymore bro. You can make it at any age. Anyone can blow up. Just gotta have the talent. And you do bro I heard that one track you did. It kinda gets to me bro ‘cuz like your so good. I wanna see you get what you deserve.

Q: Life doesn’t always work like that. All we can do is the best with what we’ve got. And sometimes that isn’t enough.

WILL: I don’t think that’s true. I think if you believe it enough and keep it pushing you can do anything. Manifestation.

Q: Believe what you want man. All I can say is what my experience has been. At the end of the day it’s your life.

WILL: (pause) All I know is that I gotta make it. I don’t have any other choice. They say if you give yourself a plan B you won’t succeed at plan A, so I eliminated my plan B.

Q: Well bro your music definitely reflects that. I’m proud to be doing this with you. For real.

WILL: Thanks man. I appreciate you helping me for real. (pause) Shit does get frustrating though man. Especially with free agency. I just feel like we’re spinning our wheels with that music and those sessions. And we can’t even get it together enough to take advantage of the opportunities we get.

Q: Yeah I know. Some of these nights have been especially annoying.

WILL: I just wanna get it going.

Q: Thats why were doing this man. To get things moving.

WILL: Yeah but like for everybody you know. Together.

Q: Can’t force everyone down your path.

WILL: What do you mean? You think they don’t want it?

Q: Actions speak man. People can talk but it comes down to what they do. Just gotta take an honest look at it. Some of them want the attention that comes with it more than this. They just like the vibe. Just like the feeling they are doing something productive as a distraction to help hide the fact they don’t know what they want.

WILL: Yeah… I never really thought about it like that.

Q: Just be careful who you trust with this man. You let this excitement out on the wrong people they are gonna kill it. You’re gonna get frustrated trying to cram someone else into your dream ‘cuz you don’t wanna do it alone.

WILL: (pause) Why do you do this man? If you don’t mind me asking. Seems like you had a bit of a bad experience.

Q: I like helping people, and I don’t want to waste what I have. And just hanging with people around music is fun.

WILL: Do you still love doing it?

Q: Not as much as I used to. But it will always be a part of me. I’ll never lose the skill set.

WILL: Well thanks for doing this with me man. I know it might not be the same for us but it means the world that you do this. The space, production, everything.

Q: Absolutely bro. It’s definitely not a bad way to spend time. And you have some sense to you.

WILL: I just try to learn from my mistakes man.

Q: That’s all we can do.

Dialogue Between Simon and Will

(EXT. WENDY’S - NIGHT)

(Will pulls into the Wendy's parking lot and drives to the front, looking for Simon. SIMON (32M) appears from around the corner of the building, looking disheveled. He wears a ratty backpack and heavy clothing, as if he is trying to keep warm. He’s very skinny, and wears a huge beanie with the logo of a football team on it. He leans down to the window and sees Will and smiles. Will pops the lock on the car door to let Simon in.)

SIMON: What’s up man! Damn it’s good to see you!

(beat)

SIMON: Thank you so much bro I know it’s really late. I’m sorry to wake you up. I wouldn’t have called unless I really needed to man.

WILL: It’s all good. I wasn’t in bed I was driving home from a friend’s place.

SIMON: Ohhh! Ok Will I see you. Gettin’ a little late night snack huh!

(punches Will’s arm)

SIMON: Little strange?

WILL: (grins disengenuinely) Nah I was at the studio.

SIMON: Oh shit! Man you goin’ to studios now? That’s dope man I bet you're about to blow up huh? I always knew you had what it takes!

WILL: Where do you need a ride to?

SIMON: Oh shit man yeah. Uh, where do you live?

WILL: Uh… Rosewood area.

SIMON: Ok bet well just head that way and lemme look it up really quick.

WILL: What do you mean look it up?

SIMON: Yeah I’m just gonna find a motel or something.

WILL: (pauses) Alright.

(Will starts driving and the two sit in silence for a minute while Simon looks on his phone)

SIMON: Ok got it. You can just drop me here. Here’s the GPS. Can I use your charger?

WILL: Yeah… which one is this?

SIMON: Uhhh, Element or something like that.

WILL: Mmm…

(pauses)

WILL: Man that place is ratty as hell. There’s always something going down there.

SIMON: Nah man I’ll be fine. Just for a night or two.

WILL: (pause) Nah I don’t want you staying there dude. You can just crash at my place for the night. I’d at least know your not sleeping with bed bugs.

SIMON: Dang man you really don’t have to do that bro. I appreciate it. You’re a good dude man for real.

WILL: Yeah no problem. Hopefully my roommates don’t mind. If you run into them in the morning just tell them you’re my brother and I said it would be cool to crash on the couch.

SIMON: Man… Thank you. I’ma respect your space man don’t you worry about that.

WILL: Yeah no problem.

(pause)

WILL: So what’s going on man? Why are you back?

SIMON: (huffs) Man it’s a bunch of bullshit bro. I’m sorry I didn’t tell nobody I just didn’t want Mom going crazy and crowdin’ me you know? I didn’t even plan on being here for more than a day or two but shit just happened.

WILL: Does Perry know your here?

SIMON: Man she left me like six months ago bro.

WILL: (concerned) Oh shit… I’m sorry man. What happened if you don’t mind me asking?

SIMON: Man lets just talk about it all tomorrow. It’s been a crazy ass night and I need some sleep before I get back in to all of that.

WILL: Yeah… we can do that.

SIMON: I’m not tryna be a dick bro its just… you know.

(pause)

SIMON: You got any of your music? I’d like to hear some if you got any.

WILL: Yeah… Uhh…

(beat)

WILL: I guess I’ll show you this new one. Recorded it a few weeks ago…

(Will starts playing a song. CAMERA pushes in on Simons face as he listens. He looks out the window with a blank look on his face as he listens and nods along with the music. He succeeded at his distraction, so he can return into whatever world he just crawled out of.)

SIMON: This is crazy man. This is actually really damn good!

(Dialogue Between Simon and Will - Phone Call)

(Will notices his phone ringing and picks it up. The caller ID reads “unknown.” Will answers on speaker and puts the phone on his chest.)

WILL: Hello?

SIMON (O.S.): Will?

WILL: Who is this?

SIMON (O.S.): It’s simon.

WILL: (pause) Hey.

SIMON (O.S.): Am I uh, catching you at a bad time?

WILL: I can talk. What’s up?

SIMON (O.S.): I uh… I guess… Wanted to say I’m sorry.

WILL: It’s ok… Had to find out sooner or later.

SIMON (O.S.): I… I really hate that it had to be that way though. It should have been Cara. Or mom at least.

(Silence from Will.)

SIMON (O.S.): I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you growing up man.

WILL: What are you talking about?

SIMON (O.S.): I should have been around more when dad died. You didn’t have anybody. I knew it was tough for you and I didn’t make an effort. I’m sorry for that. I’ve always regretted it.

WILL: (pause) It’s alright man. You had to deal with him dying too. Wasn’t easy for anybody.

SIMON (O.S.): I ran to the wrong places. And that had an effect on everybody. I just hope that I can try to make things right moving forward. If you’ll allow me to be a part of your life when I get back, that would mean more to me than anything. I know I don’t deserve it.

WILL: (beat) Yeah. That’d be nice.

SIMON (O.S.): Man, that’d be more than I could ask for… Thanks for talking to me man. I know I left you hanging last time at your apartment.

WILL: Did your friend end up being ok?

SIMON (O.S.): Ah… No…

(pause)

SIMON (O.S.): She ended up passing that same night you picked me up.

WILL: Man… I’m sorry to hear that. What was her name again?

SIMON (O.S.): Jackie. Really sweet girl.

WILL: Well hopefully she’s in a better place somewhere.

(Wills attention is on the tombstone as he speaks.)

SIMON (O.S.): I hope so…

(pause)

SIMON (O.S.): You don’t have to answer if you don’t want, but… How are you doing with all this.

WILL: (pause) Not the greatest I suppose.

SIMON (O.S.): I guess you’ve talked with Mom and Cara?

WILL: Yeah. Few days ago.

SIMON (O.S.): Well keep talking to people. Not great to be by yourself all the time. Speaking from experience.

WILL: (pause) You calling from rehab?

SIMON (O.S.): Yeah. I’m gonna kick everything for good this time man. Things are different.

WILL: I know you can. I’m proud of you for checking yourself in.

SIMON (O.S.): I can’t take any credit for that. That’s God one hundred percent.

WILL: Tell me about it.

SIMON (O.S.): Man…

(pause)

SIMON (O.S.): Jesus is real, man. He’s real. I’ve met him. And he lives inside me now.

WILL: (pause) What do you mean by that?

SIMON (O.S.): I invited Jesus into my heart man. He died for me. And you. Everybody. I don’t have to pay for my mistakes anymore because God forgave me when Jesus died on that cross. It never made sense before, in church as a kid. But… I understand now. The devil has been trying to stop me from being saved. But God came and got me.

WILL: Thats… uh…

SIMON (O.S.): I know it’s different. But man I had the most real experience I’ve ever had. I can tell you, one hundred percent its real. One hundred percent.

WILL: I think… I want to try to understand… I think I’m supposed to…

SIMON (O.S.): God wants a relationship with you man. I never understood that. But I do now. And I know He wants me to tell everyone about him.

WILL: I prayed.

SIMON (O.S.): Really? Thats amazing. What about?

WILL: Just… help…

SIMON (O.S.): Oh man… God wants to help you man! He loves us so much! Like sooo much! And bro, you are not gonna believe what I have to tell you…

WILL: What?

SIMON (O.S.): So… Let me ask… What was your talk with Cara like?

WILL: (pause) It… It was really emotional… It was a hard day. But… good. I feel like we know each other on a really deep level now… way deeper than before…

(pause)

WILL: She told me about my dad.

SIMON (O.S.): Yeah. She tell you anything about his family?

WILL: A little. Says she talked to his Dad a bit.

SIMON (O.S.): Ok… So… Declan’s dad works at the rehab I’m at…

WILL: Holy shit…

SIMON (O.S.): Yeah! When I first got here I thought I recognized him from an old picture Cara showed me once, but it’s him man. He is a great guy. I’ve been talking to him every day since I’ve been here. He is a real man of God. You’ve got to meet him Will. I’ve told him all about you. He really wants to meet you.

(Hearing Simon reveal this information, Will starts tearing up, knowing his prayer for help has been answered. He is unable to respond to Simon immediately.)

SIMON (O.S.): You there?

WILL: (sniffles) Yeah I’m here.

SIMON (O.S.): Can you come visit? I’ll introduce you. We can talk more about God to, he’s the best to talk to about that kind of stuff. He’s been through a lot. God really turned him around.

WILL: Yeah. I can come tomorrow if that’s ok.

SIMON (O.S.): Mannn that would be awesome. Let me send you the address. How about you come at 1? That would probably be the best for the schedule of things here…

(Simon’s voice continues, but fades into the background as the next scene begins.)


Dialogue Between Cara and Will

(INT/EXT CARA’S HOUSE - DAY)

(Will parks his car and gets out holding the birthday present and a bag of 2 liter sodas. He enters through the open garage door and sets his gift down by the pile in the dining room. He puts the sodas in the fridge and sits down at the kitchen table and gets out his phone. While he scrolls Cara comes in carrying a box of cupcakes.)

>CARA: Heey!!

WILL: Hey!

(Will stands up and CARA (38F) gives him a long hug, rubbing his back.)

>CARA: It’s so good to see you dude. It’s been too long! Jay will be so excited.

WILL: Yeah! It’s been a minute. I got him a big nerf gun. Hopefully he doesn’t already have it! I don’t think he does though.

>CARA: I’m sure he’ll love it! He can never have too many nerf guns.

(beat)

>CARA: So what’s new?

WILL: Ah just the same reall. Working with this awesome engineer I met through Justin, he’s helping me for free and he does really good work.

>CARA: Nice! So you’re going to this guys studio?

WILL: Yeah he has a home studio in his basement. His names Q.

>CARA: What’s that short for?

WILL: Quentin. Quentin Moonie.

>CARA: Is he related to Thomas? I knew a Thomas Moonie in high school.

WILL: I don’t know. I don’t think his family is from here.

>CARA: Gotcha. So are ya’ll working on a new album?

WILL: Yeah. Got about 5 songs right now and I’m still writing. I think it will turn into a full album. Just gonna keep going until it feels like its done.

>CARA: Can I hear it?

(pause)

>CARA: I need some new stuff! You know we play you on repeat in the car. Jay is always asking to listen.

WILL: Ah well I’m not gonna show anybody until I release it. I don’t like showing people things out of context.

>CARA: Even meee?

WILL: Listen…

(chuckling)

WILL: I like the secrecy. Makes people more excited to listen when it does come out.

>CARA: You know I’ll always be excited to hear your music.

WILL: I know! I just enjoy having an official release date.

>CARA: Yeah I guess I understand that. Well I’m looking forward to whenever it comes out. I want you to blow up so bad! You deserve it.

WILL: Thanks. I’m trying my hardest. I know it will happen at some point but I just don’t know when. Gotta believe its gonna happen to make it happen you know. Manifestation.

>CARA: Well you gotta work hard. Using the force doesn’t get you anywhere.

WILL: Of course. It’s both.

>CARA: Well I’m excited for you. These people you’re working with better treat you right. They outta know you are their ticket out of mediocrity. If they are smart they’re gonna realize that.

WILL: I just wanna get everybody to a place they don’t gotta work shitty jobs to make ends meet. Everybody is talented.

>CARA: Not as talented as you I bet.

WILL: They have their different lanes.

>CARA: That’s just a nice way of agreeing with me and you know it!

(chuckles)

>CARA: You keep on believing in yourself. You’ll get where you need to go.

WILL: Well I appreciate it. I know I will.

>CARA: Well lets go give Mom a break from the madness. Bring everybody back in for cake.


(INT. CARA’S HOUSE - NIGHT)

(Will and Cara sit on the couch with a few mugs sitting on the coffee table. Cara is curled up under a blanket, holding a big scrapbook. Her face is swollen from crying, but she is composed now. She opens it.)

>CARA: I kept this for years knowing id be showing you someday.

(Cara scoots closer to Will and starts flipping through the pictures. Ultrasounds, a few cutouts of her high school yearbook. Her with her parents in the hospital. Cara in the pictures look scared, oftentimes without a smile, a blank expression on her face. She keeps turning the pages, letting Will look over them as she reveals her secrets. Finally, she turns a page and the characters change. Pictures of Cara and a boy sitting on a couch, smiling. She pauses on this page letting it sit on her lap, removing her hands. Will and Cara look down at the page, taking it in.)

WILL: That’s him.

>CARA: Yeah. His name was Declan… First time I’d ever been in love…

WILL: (pause) What happened to him?

>CARA: (sighs) Gave up his rights. Just like me.

WILL: (beat) You guys were just kids.

>CARA: Still doesn’t make it right.

(Cara starts tearing up again looking at the picture.)

WILL: Tell me about him.

>CARA: (beat) He made me feel less… problematic. I always felt he cared about me. I was always in and out of school for one reason or another. Always having problems… But he didn’t care. He’d skip school to come see me. But…

WILL: What?

>CARA: He didn’t have the best examples in his life. Can’t really say much else without being unfair to him.

WILL: Bad home life?

>CARA: Yeah.

WILL: (beat) Have you kept tabs on him?

>CARA: I have. I wanted you to know where to find him when you found out. But Will…

WILL: Dead?

(Cara looks at Will with sadness in her eyes and slowly nods. Her answer comes out as a course whisper.)

>CARA: Yeah.

(Will takes a moment to process this, looking out in front of him as he nods slowly.)

WILL: What happened?

>CARA: He overdosed… 7 years ago.

(beat)

>CARA: He had struggled for a long time.

WILL: Was there a funeral?

>CARA: There was. Small one. His dad had, I suppose, found God. He was actually the one who told me. Tracked me down on facebook one day. I went.

WILL: Are you glad you went?

>CARA: Yeah, I am. I had a long talk with his father. We had a lot to talk about. For as bad as he was for so long, he really seemed to have changed his ways. Wouldn’t stop talking about Jesus and all that. I believe he works at some rehab center now. Helps addicts get clean.

(beat)

>CARA: He wanted to keep in touch, but it was too hard for me. Every time I spoke to him it just reminded me of my shit. Still texts me on facebook every few months. Says he’s praying for me and God loves me… Invites me to church.

WILL: Hm.

(pause)

WILL: Simon said before I was born you all went to church. I’ve never heard anyone talk much about that. Why?

>CARA: Yeah… I guess when you came along We didn’t fit in with the church people anymore. Too fucked up.

WILL: Hm. You think it’s all fake?

>CARA: It seems to work for some people. Other people just seems like they use it to look down on everybody else. Though Simon… made a few comments about God when he called us the other day. Hadn’t ever heard him talk like that.

WILL: I hope he can stay clean this time.

>CARA: Yeah me too.

(pause)

>CARA: Maybe you can talk to Dec’s dad sometime. If you wanted too.

WILL: Yeah. Maybe. I’ll let you know.

(Will lays his head back on the couch, staring up at the ceiling. Cara leans her head back as well. They sit in silence for a moment.)

WILL: Where is his grave?

>CARA: About an hour away… I’ll send you the address.

WILL: Yeah.

>CARA: You want me to come with you? I’ll take off work whenever you want to go.

WILL: No… That’s alright. I think I just want to go by myself.